Unknown Speaker  0:09  
As well as its application applications technology should be used for the advancement of life killing horse, that is something

Speaker 1  0:31  
not entirely positive. The other thing that we cannot deny is its impact and changes in wars, in warfare, actually in Modern Warfare, next area of its

Speaker 2  0:46  
application is in performance centers. Think of our mentor festival that just closed actually, we had a lot of 1000s of them, actually, that like all these 1000s of groups performing around 1000s of things performing on humans, like showing different patterns and different stage operations, or

Unknown Speaker  1:14  
not so many because of control technology.

Speaker 2  1:22  
Think of i What

Speaker 1  1:32  
comes to mind? The military application has been lasted industry in entertainment, I mean, international development. You

Unknown Speaker  1:58  
know how First

Non Arkara  2:21  
Year go First.

Unknown Speaker  2:51  
Eating this

Non Arkara  3:04  
so thank you so much for having us today. It's been a pleasure, and I've been coming back to Taiwan the fourth time in four years, right since 2023 all the way to 2026 we from Thailand, been coming to this smart city Expo every year because we believe wholeheartedly that what Taiwan is doing. It's quite amazing that we come to the exhibition and we actually see technology that we can use, because many times we go to different events and subjects are really big, and we find out that we can't use any of them because they are either too expensive or too advanced that we can't use it. But coming to Taiwan, we actually realized that everything that are being shown here is something that we can adapt, we can adopt. We can also try to find a way to make it compatible in the way we work. And at the end, it's very meaningful to 40 mayors that I brought with me to the event This year as part of the chief sparsity Officer Program.

Non Arkara  4:36  
The so what agency has been doing for the past few years is pretty much trying to make digital economy the main engine for growth, because Thailand, as you know, be developing together with Taiwan in the 80s and in the 90s, and somehow in the 90s and 2000s Taiwan found semiconductor economy and Taiwan. And found a lot of interesting things that had to do with education and healthcare, and that's how Taiwan has been able to develop so quickly. While Thailand, we still haven't had what you call a killer product, right, whereby we can actually sell like, like what you have here in central silicon market. And because of that, we stuck in the middle income trap for many years, and that's why our agency, digital economy competition agency has been set up nine years ago in order to actually solve that problem. And in addition to what, what we do in terms of abandoning the law to make it more viable for digital economy, in terms of how we actually support and promote our startups, because we believe that they are the core and key components of digital economy, we also try to transform by using our startups as an entity. So imagine that we want to build something right. In the past, we have to go to hyperscaler, like Microsoft, like, you know, I mean, maybe STC, the big companies, right? And these big companies are trying to sell you a big products, because that's how they make money. And at the end, you might get a big product that you only use maybe one or 2% of it, right? Imagine like, something like something like Microsoft Office. Like, are you using all the components of Microsoft Office, or you're using just basic stupid Excel? I'm only using stupid Excel, right? So in that case, what I'm trying to say is that we can actually use our startups to actually build something that is not too big, something that is economically feasible, and something that is immediately fulfill the needs and desire of our users, which are our citizens, and that way, we can transform faster, because We move fast with the resources that we have

Unknown Speaker  6:39  
now.

Speaker 1  7:10  
James Bond,

Non Arkara  7:35  
so let me skip all these, because these are stuff that are quite boring. It's pretty much stuff that we do only, not only in terms of how you promote our startups, but also how we promote our SMEs and how we promote our industry. We have different programs, different funding mechanisms, different ways of supporting our partners, and that's because we wholeheartedly believe, as a Thai government that digital economy should be at the core, and it should be promoted very, very carefully. So in a sense, the additional innovation that we have designed so far was in procurement. Because many times we all hate procurement because it takes a long time. But for us, we have come up with the standards whereby, if you have a digital solutions, you list it on our catalog and our government units, like, like cities, like municipalities can come in and take product from the catalog and use it right away, without having to jump through hoops in terms of bureaucracy. Like, that's one of the innovation which I'm going to skip while you are translating

Unknown Speaker  8:41  
technology popularly.

Non Arkara  9:08  
This is one of the project we've been building. It's called Thailand digital ballet, because at the end of the day, we believe that you need both capital expenditure as well as operational expenditure, Grant and funding operational expenditure. But at the end, we need a complex where we can actually test drones, we can actually do AIS and see how it works in reality, and we can actually have a community of builders together with the complex computer that we're going to build for them. So this is what a project that's being built at the moment, when you come to Thailand, next time you can come visit us at the complex, and you will see that 80% of the whole public has already been finished and we are ready to move in by the end of the year.

Non Arkara  10:00  
We will see right and these are some of the privileges that if you are investing in Thailand, you can get by investing in our Thailand digital ballet. You get the tax incentive, you get the benefits from our agencies, you also get to be listed in our catalog, and also be able to actually use the services easily and easily as well. These are just some of the things that we have and our overall goal, our main goal in doing all of this, as I mentioned, is to get Highline economy to go across the middle income track. But we can only do this if we actually maximize the efficiency and growth of what we believe to be at the heart of an economy, which is cities. And that's why our Smart City program for the past nine years have been very rigorous in terms of building capacity for the people and also trying to build infrastructure so that these cities will have enough infrastructure so that They can build a digital economy

Unknown Speaker  11:02  
on ship. House

Non Arkara  11:22  
that have, let's talk about drones, okay, because I've been spending my five minutes on talking about my agency for now. Let's talk about drone Oreo, because in Thailand, I mean, as we learned from our colleagues here, that drone is very important. It's very important for for resiliency, very important for emergency and also really important for delivery, important stuff. And of course, doing something like smart farming is also very important. But I'm not going to talk about those, because our colleague already covered that, but let me talk about the three things that we believe to be the most important aspects of drone economy in Thailand. Well, first of all, in Thailand, we are supporting a lot of farmers who can actually use drone to survey and also to spray their pesticide, of course, also to help them with the fertility rate, because once they use drones in order to maximize the capacity to understand their farmlands, they can actually maximize their productivity and produce as well. So we've been doing that, but the first thing that we believe in believe is the fact that we cannot start big because we don't know whether or not our projects will work. Drones might work in some areas where, well, first of all, everybody around the area have to accept the fact that there'll be drones flying around right in some areas, it's very sensitive you can't fly drones. So we have to look into that. And we have to also look into the ability of the agricultural units to be able to take care of the drones by how are they going to learn how to use it? Are they going to be able to upgrade it and they maintain it as well? So the first rule of thumb for us in growing economy here is to start small, and you scale it up as we find The success in the experimentation

Unknown Speaker  13:17  
that we do.

Unknown Speaker  13:31  
Situation.

Unknown Speaker  13:42  
Show

Speaker 1  14:01  
Okay, the second principle, I have only three principles, by

Non Arkara  14:13  
the way. The second principle is that capacity is very important, because we realize that we can give free drones to every farmers, but those drones can become completely unusable out there a year if the people don't have the capacity to maintain to design a system that works for them, and, of course, to use them regularly so that we know what are the problems. So we spend a lot of time and money and budget on making sure that everybody who going to get drawn from us have the capacity to actually take care of it. And in addition to that, we also think of ownership, because we believe that that if you own something, you will take care of it better, right? So we have a scheme whereby we got to try to get our farmers to think of these drones not as a free gift from the government, but more like something that they have to take care of, as if it's part of their of their labor. Right? It's their hands their eyes. So we want to build capacity and a sense of ownership into our beneficiary from this

Unknown Speaker  15:12  
system back up.

Unknown Speaker  15:26  
When the machine

Non Arkara  15:34  
usually the way right, and the last principle is about integration, because drones are easy to get right. As you mentioned, drones easy to get you can just buy it. The system can be easily purchased. But as I mentioned, it might be a big system that you only need 1% of it. So the most important aspect is not just building capacities and making sure that we start small and scale up, but also integrations, right? So what I'm showing you right here on my screen here you can come see later on is the system that I built. Right now. It's waiting for drones to arrive. So I already built a system whereby you can use nautical mile system in order to actually get the drone to be sent from one spot to the other. And because I built this online, I was able to get documentation from the drone companies in terms of programming in order to actually build this before the drone arrives. And once the drone arrives, I can just call it to the drones on how it gets supposed to be working autonomously, and can work with the system right away, right? So the last thing is very important, I think you mentioned in one of diagram, is that we have to be able to integrate the objects, the hardware, with the software, and we have to be able to integrate the software with the human behavior, and we have to integrate the human behavior with the usability as well. And all these images come together because you understand how the user use the system, then you can do a growing economy that is very viable and, of course, sustainable in the long Run, economically as well. Defense.

Speaker 1  17:10  
On the sander way to all

Unknown Speaker  17:27  
the principal so

Non Arkara  17:40  
budget. Finally, I think my time is running out. So finally, I want to talk about our newest project that we've been doing right now, which is to come up with the ranking of cities around the world that we can look up to and then use as an example. So I created a smart, a little more city index, whereby you can tell us what's the number. Us what's the number one number two

Non Arkara  18:11  
cities in the world according my rankings, right? And I make this chart because I believe that we have to learn from from our city is an easy issue as well, and not just city in the West, whereby they might have a lot of GDP per capita, but when it comes to livability, right? This GDP per capita doesn't tell you this much, because you haven't paid out the tax, going to take out the living expenses, you have to take out the housing expenses, and you might not have money left in the pocket. But our index here we are looking at livability. We're looking at a bird race. We're looking at suicide rate, look at mental health rate we had economy at the same time we're looking at the pressure that people also get from the growing economy as well. So in this ranking, I can actually choose between, if I want a city with high growth, I can grab a goal up and GAO Chong will come down. Right? Because if you want a city that grows, you can actually find a way to actually toggle this chart, that you can see in the ranking of the city of your choice, so maybe after this you can come and see this. But what we're trying to do here is to build broad economy. We're trying to do is to build smart city. What we're trying to do is to build capacity so that people understand better that smart city is not just about technology. It's really about livability, and that's the tenant that we have been building for the past nine years

Speaker 1  19:27  
of digital economy, promoting agency. Thank you. Now. Our common priority, Ash, but keep.

Unknown Speaker  20:35  
Thank you very much that

Speaker 2  20:52  
share the current development as well as the future trajectory, which I impress a lot, as well as the efforts of Depa, a lot of different law considerations that went into all the designs, as well as you link all your systems with the partnership of Depa, it is in our hope that there will be more proof of development and you'll like see,

Speaker 2  21:35  
of course, or the cities we live in, of course, we want to make them As livable and as you know, like supportive as possible, like everyone, as part of our cities. It is in our hope that it is our like duty to to maintain that connection to the land we step on and live on. And it's really good to see all the different examples from Thailand, which we really learn from

Unknown Speaker  22:04  
a lot. We can see

Speaker 2  22:14  
you next year, free to go around the fair and you know, like to look at the different user cases, different examples, industry players like we're not looking to become like US companies, but we're doing our part. Different partnership opportunities.

Speaker 1  22:36  
Thank you. Thank you. Now we move to the next so now she

Speaker 2  23:00  
has had extensive experiences like partnership, experiences with basically all of us right here, whose research is also very crucial in the continuous commencement a week ago, actually, he was still like very sick coughing.

Unknown Speaker  23:31  
Today, he is all fine. Has all recovered, as you can tell, I'm still a bit porous right now. How? Actually, we started

Speaker 2  23:45  
in 2019 at the time, the ministry found it like a forced drone, specifically and at a time, initiative application in transportation, as well as in the earliest stages, the bridge

Unknown Speaker  24:16  
were the two greatest areas

Speaker 2  24:29  
today, our topic I'll be focusing let's get started. Then see.

Unknown Speaker  25:00  
Our mission, or mainly,

Unknown Speaker  25:08  
as well as our

Unknown Speaker  25:13  
founding research,

Unknown Speaker  25:19  
the more to The POS to

Speaker 2  26:01  
there are actually some regulations to be aware

Speaker 3  26:08  
of. So that's also,

Speaker 4  26:16  
like an important part international too.

Unknown Speaker  26:22  
That's how that I believe, like in public infrastructure, think of like maintenance.

Unknown Speaker  26:39  
These are all very

Unknown Speaker  26:41  
important or natural

Unknown Speaker  26:47  
disasters disrupted

Speaker 3  26:53  
traffic, and this is One drill.

Speaker 2  27:01  
They can like physical barrier,

Speaker 3  27:13  
which is

Speaker 2  27:20  
mostly so to make it

Unknown Speaker  27:31  
more simpler, like monetary

Speaker 3  27:49  
simple. We

Speaker 2  27:57  
look at mail delivery with the overarching goal of providing postal access every community

Speaker 4  28:14  
also have retail platforms like Amazon platforms in China together, Amazon, as well as the not

Speaker 2  28:45  
grants, as well as differentiations and also Competition is also in terms

Unknown Speaker  28:51  
of public transportation.

Speaker 2  29:00  
Traditionally speaking, lesson Japan

Unknown Speaker  29:12  
where drones are used.

Speaker 4  29:20  
Like an important role in the access of our current the

Speaker 2  29:38  
help of the final mile delivery that is, example, in Japan, its priority on underserved areas. Think of like different that are hard to access. Is zero composition, the integration

Speaker 2  30:15  
should rise in their cost in terms of the service and all these calls, obviously, should be like provided by the public, or to invent public service for public to access the service costs shouldn't be a warrior concern for them. The same rate should apply to all deliveries, whether through areas, for underserved areas, main actor and Agent

Unknown Speaker  30:46  
provider for sustainable Service

Unknown Speaker  31:00  
will power.

Speaker 2  31:16  
Testing of like autonomous control. Rely on real world experiences where drones are happening and really playing their role suspects and pilot programs

Speaker 2  31:40  
on actually Been going especially Island communities,

Unknown Speaker  31:55  
consciousness communities, in order to reduce risks as well as improve our commercial viability, our current system and later

Unknown Speaker  32:19  
we'll be clear public service. We

Unknown Speaker  32:27  
service

Unknown Speaker  32:33  
like perishables and groceries, or basically just already, the fight range is within Like 5pm radius,

Speaker 2  32:51  
or is relatively complete compared

Speaker 5  32:56  
to my everybody is different.

Speaker 2  33:05  
They mainly rely on Georgia door deliveries.

Speaker 2  33:15  
Larger cities provide services within a specific location. Think of like cargo deliveries, or think of smart like the parcel system, where people go to a specific place To retrieve their products.

Unknown Speaker  33:40  
Different challenges For

Speaker 3  33:49  
us, it's my share.

Unknown Speaker  34:22  
Anything are

Speaker 2  34:34  
we have only delivers to the gate which can cause quite an otherwise.

Speaker 3  34:42  
Can class in the various.

Unknown Speaker  35:01  
Between everything is fine,

Unknown Speaker  35:10  
testing different

Unknown Speaker  35:20  
to testing as well.

Unknown Speaker  35:34  
To wrap up the session, we

Unknown Speaker  35:46  
ideas are very important

Speaker 4  35:54  
responsibility second After isolated ones. Issues,

Unknown Speaker  36:09  
people, day to day, operations, down. So I would say, like those,

Unknown Speaker  36:40  
thank you.

Speaker 2  36:52  
Nokia actually had quite like a slide, that is technology. Technology is humanity and I would say as well,

Speaker 2  37:12  
inventions and technologies that stimulate that is quite fair. Quite very informative. Japanese use cases have to recognize that there are strengths, but Taiwan

Unknown Speaker  37:49  
or happy, there are disasters, I believe. You know, we're still very positive. We're

Speaker 6  38:07  
still learning from them, instead of looking at them as challenges and learn from changes. The ministry's

Speaker 2  38:22  
role is government agencies are also doing their part the ministry. They want us to look at the slopes differently, infrastructure damage,

Unknown Speaker  38:39  
different areas,

Speaker 2  38:42  
like isolation and these are all important questions. We need to recognize that sometimes, but it is from the consultant, I'm really grateful that everyone here is with us in our continuous effort, like the US, where they have relatively robust national system, domestic production, as well as our service development. The project

Speaker 6  39:29  
based on top

Unknown Speaker  39:41  
play impressive

Unknown Speaker  39:45  
achievements as well

Speaker 2  39:49  
alliances. Mr.

Speaker 7  40:22  
Shoes, that's a Pain. You're

Unknown Speaker  40:39  
Like,

Unknown Speaker  40:53  
now

Unknown Speaker  41:02  
that's leader, Because hurting

Speaker 7  41:19  
her into Today. It's

Speaker 7  42:11  
side, early, First time. Sorry. Who?

Unknown Speaker  42:28  
Become

Unknown Speaker  42:38  
words, she Sound. To

Speaker 7  42:51  
Mataji The

Unknown Speaker  43:09  
it

Unknown Speaker  43:21  
only in

Speaker 2  43:28  
different into international over our Russia, there are actually a lot of casualties in terms of drug A lot of casualties in terms of drone damage, which has played a crucial role in the development of the entire war. Drone, heavily used by Ukraine, played an important role and also spurred some new developments. So we see in Iran, in the war with the US drum is also an important part. Is a huge help to the soldiers fighting on the ground and domestic I think, in my opinion, Germans are also a very important part. We see also a lot of different international partners in Taiwan looking for partnership opportunities, and which is something that we opportunities, and which is

Speaker 7  44:32  
something that we really need to come into to make better use of Continuing building on our strengths in the IC industry. We combat. We have different

Unknown Speaker  44:49  
industry players ever since like

Unknown Speaker  44:58  
250 years. Ago.

Speaker 7  45:08  
Different cells. They have the largest number, basically the dominant in the market, coming up projects, different industry players. They extremely different

Unknown Speaker  45:29  
industry players, corporations concentrate in

Unknown Speaker  45:40  
production as important signal to continue further develop our capabilities in order to build

Speaker 2  46:00  
ever since our past three years, from 2024 to 2027 Chinese drone have actually been developing at an exponential and gradually becoming like a leading power in drone production. And that is from a Chinese perspective, like reacting to that for maintaining our competitors, and also an important area in the future,

Unknown Speaker  46:33  
Chinese encourages

Speaker 7  46:40  
our airspaces facing then

Speaker 2  46:49  
landscaping for tracking, documenting purposes. So from our perspective, we need more like cheaper, more cost effective solutions in reaction to that, in

Speaker 2  47:12  
terms of that Ground robots, in the air, as well as in different in the air, as well as in different areas. There are a lot of different solutions.

Unknown Speaker  47:26  
Think of the satellites used in Thailand.

Speaker 2  47:31  
That is also an important consideration, considering the limited usage of satellites here, think of another example where there can be block service to air missiles as well as to block naval defense. It's going to be a joint partnership between the three different army groups, which is going to be an important

Unknown Speaker  47:54  
goal for us in our further development and also,

Speaker 2  48:02  
like further development. And also like an important method in military power, in terms of commercial use, also, like a huge market, think of service oriented companies. Think of like maintenance in agriculture, in pest control, as well as rescue efforts and autism. There are a lot of different false people.

Speaker 4  48:22  
There are a lot of

Speaker 7  48:33  
government agencies, and that is architecture, agriculture

Unknown Speaker  48:38  
as well as different

Speaker 2  48:42  
as different growth, but also very impressive, over 10% of annual compound. So yeah, it's a golden opportunity, so to

Unknown Speaker  49:02  
speak.

Speaker 7  49:09  
Just bring them

Unknown Speaker  49:20  
out from those are very important. We have different examples

Unknown Speaker  49:33  
from different countries,

Unknown Speaker  49:39  
like last

Unknown Speaker  49:50  
European countries, there

Unknown Speaker  49:57  
are also a lot of use to look at. Leading factors, national defense strategy

Speaker 2  50:09  
is also huge, airspace management, cyber security, as well as autonomous operation hinge on the success of the

Unknown Speaker  50:30  
existing companies.

Speaker 2  50:48  
In order to truly achieve, like, an integration between,

Unknown Speaker  50:54  
you know, like the current technology application in low output.

Unknown Speaker  51:09  
Like a growing popularity of

Speaker 7  51:17  
drone usage of Commercial maintenance.

Speaker 2  51:27  
There are different applications, personally speaking, as

Speaker 7  51:51  
a bank the shortage

Unknown Speaker  51:59  
problem, so that is going to be huge.

Unknown Speaker  52:04  
How do you cooperate and could be conducted? You know, like all the on.

Unknown Speaker  52:28  
We have different there will be, also

Unknown Speaker  52:41  
development. Turn their

Unknown Speaker  52:49  
experiences

Speaker 2  52:55  
into something like a work plan that we can utilize in the

Speaker 7  53:01  
future in Southern India, very Good industry players. In

Unknown Speaker  53:18  
recent years, there has been exponential.

Speaker 4  53:24  
But with that, there is still a gap in there. So in terms of like testing sites, other opportunities, there is a lack of

Unknown Speaker  53:34  
testing under the guidance of the ministry, as well As

Speaker 7  53:49  
services under the guidance so we need more to

Speaker 2  54:06  
right cyber security system. These are all important areas

Unknown Speaker  54:11  
that we need to look at

Unknown Speaker  54:18  
us. Iran,

Speaker 2  54:25  
US, China relationship, the supply chain is an area think of the first chain in the Philippines. Actually, a lot of industry players are cooperating in the ICT. In the ICT partnerships in terms of our

Unknown Speaker  54:54  
unmet area.

Unknown Speaker  55:05  
Well, how does the 15,

Speaker 2  55:27  
that's still very impressive. So your political landscapes, as well as the changing roles in different countries, the more changes, I would say, in this regard, are predicting travel.

Unknown Speaker  55:43  
Changes, I would say, in this

Unknown Speaker  55:54  
regard, are predicting

Speaker 2  56:02  
how house r&d opportunities, unlike the US or unlike China, actually a testing location. That is why products cannot be fully operated, and that is like a very huge obstacle in development, I think, more cooperation. Collaboration opportunities as well as partnerships, are going to be very beneficial in terms of our next stage in the current or in the current market. Over the past three or four years, there have been limited growth in terms of, in

Unknown Speaker  56:47  
terms of, like, subsidies, positive.

Unknown Speaker  56:51  
So, yeah, I believe this is going to be

Unknown Speaker  56:55  
an important, another,

Unknown Speaker  57:01  
crucial part for another crucial part, in order to keep the cost down more effectively and to like further

Unknown Speaker  57:17  
promote the industry. What you know, like further promoting the industry, like bridge maintenance and other different areas. So we'd like to

Unknown Speaker  57:50  
see so that's all. It's today, it's very packed with

Unknown Speaker  58:03  
information, isn't it? We're not looking for divorce. We saw a lot of members in their work And moving from a traditional like more

Speaker 1  58:29  
but don't forget, actually a few

Speaker 2  58:46  
minutes left. So in the interest, I really appreciate it. If you can share content to it. Next up we have our I'll keep

Speaker 2  58:58  
it short. Yeah, short, our Taiwan logistics Alliance, or is a traditional logistic provider, but also includes, you know, like on road, on the sea, as well as air. Mills are relatively forward thinking, and you know, like next generational that are still being used only limitedly in terms of our everyday routine operations. But in the past, there have been a lot of different like different technologies as well as applications in the military, kind of use that is now expanding into like spilling over in other areas of life as

Speaker 2  59:53  
well, are also maturing in terms of their application. And reducing in their cost for

Speaker 2  1:00:07  
us, traditionally speaking, as an existing player, we are also looking for opportunities to incorporate drones and in addressing our shortage problem and in creating new opportunities. So all these I'll be talking perspectives. I'll think of like drones and their current landscaping. The biggest, the biggest weakness is going to be the payload, which is too low. That is the like the weight it can support compared to trucks, like traditional trucks, think of like deliveries to the doors. Think of like scooters, even those are more advanced or in terms of like payload, so better capacity. But does that mean that drones are useless? I don't think so. Necessity.

Speaker 2  1:01:04  
It all depends, from your perspective, and also the future development of drones, whether we can really like exponentially increase the people while maintaining its operation. But drones, on the other hand, also have their probes. Think of islands, or think of like its lack of traffic problems and its ability to cross different terrains, also very important. So in the process, when we look at that, it's really important to know that from its original or tech, its functions, its technicality. We also need to have different infrastructures that support drone operations. Think of traditionally speaking, we need trucks, we need scooters. But with these traditional methods, the weakness is that parking actually parking a huge problem, because there are usually no spaces, especially in different cities. So yeah, that's that is one huge disruption. So in the future, we hope that through the use of drones, parking problems can partially be solved. So we need to think not only of their drone, of their machines, you know, like their their different control systems, but also their infrastructure, like, how do we park them? How do we make sure the entire system can't fully operate without all these challenges next?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:40  
We also have different parcels. Think of like the different sizes. We're also looking at

Speaker 2  1:02:53  
smart parcels. It's actually that is closely connected, or that is closely moving toward more machines and more AI, more automation in the replacement of in the process, there are a lot of different content that will be playing an increasingly important role. Think of like the point to point deliveries, traditionally a huge reliance, like trucks and we need people. We need people to get on board, to get on board, carrying the cargoes, carrying our deliveries. But you know, like now, we're relying mostly on human and in the future, more and more anticipated and welcomed. Think of like the different dropout points. We need some supporting facilities in order for them to achieve their wide or widespread ability, basically just the more in our development.

Speaker 2  1:04:02  
How development, traditionally speaking, on men. So we need no human, or at least for the less manpower as possible. So that is one critical consideration in terms of blood test, is deliveries, you know, like unloading, offloading. That is something every every point, every connection point in between. How do we use or minimize the use of manpower as much as possible? That is going to be one huge important consideration, as well as the different services that drones can provide. Think of the entire vertical, the entire like integration of different verticals, that's also an important viewpoint that we need to think of. From a practical point

Unknown Speaker  1:04:50  
of view, think of business opportunities,

Speaker 2  1:04:55  
it's very beneficial for us to have. What a more complete overview of the entire system, of how it works from start to end, that is going to be like an important building, building block for us, technology.

Speaker 2  1:05:20  
You, technology is always burst from the meds. I feel like the payload still has a lot of growth, and we shouldn't be limiting ourselves. I would say like 30 to 50 kg should be possible with an endurance of around like two to three hours. The problem is whether there's a demand for that, for the institute, there's actually, well, we're actually partnering with email black cat, a leading Logistics Carrier, a different one. The same name, yes, yeah, a different one, but with the challenges, they're still like quite demand in communities, 24/7, maybe deliveries like a really close up community, probably wondering, because they're like similar to different places, included in ginseng County, and we're now looking at partnership with black cat, as well as their family port, a convenience store that is delivering the parcels into ginseng the farm. If our drones are delivering the parcels further into hose and the back

Speaker 2  1:06:53  
mountain, so to speak, quite challenging, like we can't have a person that is there. 24/7 don't think of like a truck driver. Yeah, that is entirely not feasible to like. In this regard, there's demand. To look at whether there is a demand and a large one, that is going to be very important. Think of like, how do we make sure? And also like the different connection points, how do we safely

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28  
transfer that's also another way around. So as a relatively smaller island

Speaker 2  1:07:39  
size, Taiwan is law in terms of the power their cities, their urban Suburbans, like charities, which is more common, actually, in the global topic, in the global context, the new language bees, we also have different challenges. And also like different opportunities in the future. So I would say there's still many opportunities for us to set areas to cities, to land transportation, as well as in like in Taipei. Is there a way in the air? Maybe, I'm not sure, but maybe to think about Deputy Director, yes. Deputy

Unknown Speaker  1:08:37  
Director, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:08:58  
A refugee director, I like to introduce myself real quickly. I am the Deputy Director of the Department of mail and operations, and actually, it's my 30th year serving

Speaker 8  1:09:18  
at the beginning actually, at the beginning in

Speaker 2  1:09:25  
2019 that was really hard, where all males were halted, like male operation halted. So at the time, it was quite a dire situation for us. But luckily, we weathered it and we found ways to work through it. She

Speaker 2  1:09:46  
well, like everything, really worked hard to not like, to overcome the challenges. And domestically speaking. We are mostly looking at transportation and air mails. There are also a lot of bottom line challenges. Think of logistics centers in Ling Paul City and New Taipei City. There is a new center plan to be used, which is right at the intersection highway where there is often traffic that blocks the road. So like getting the mail successfully is going to be an important part in 2030 actually, the carbon neutrality system is also very important. Think of the diesel cars. Think of the pool. Parts.

Speaker 8  1:10:46  
How do we successfully face them? Face them out and you know, like transition

Speaker 2  1:10:54  
to where like more consideration. We also have the Trump administration, changing of the tariff system, which is complicated to delegate think of the original 10% tariff rate to now, you know, like a higher rate. So, yeah, that's also like an important obstacle for us to look at. So for us successfully mailing that, successfully sending those posts to their destination shape itself is going to be more, I would say, like more challenging than ever, considerations. But anyway, planning

Unknown Speaker  1:11:49  
to have 8 million immigrants

Speaker 8  1:11:56  
from the ministry to be used in more, actually 10 more drones, logistics.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:02  
Huge area, and also for maintenance,

Speaker 2  1:12:16  
as well as for surveillance, to be huge and they feel like nowadays they're actually a lack of certified professionals.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:27  
Why they need more training for more certified professionals?

Speaker 2  1:12:35  
Maybe some more growth in the future, we'll be looking at 10 first before we move on to the 29 this year. Let's come back to the Institute of Transportation. Ever since a few years ago, we've been having closely

Unknown Speaker  1:12:54  
partnerships in testing systems. We also had different pilot programs that flew to

Speaker 6  1:13:09  
elementary school have started to play an important role in Different areas. At some point,

Speaker 2  1:13:38  
in different areas and further. Those previous efforts and further, like getting them

Speaker 8  1:13:49  
to a whole level

Speaker 8  1:14:01  
professional, I professional people who can operate 20 more like

Speaker 2  1:14:10  
weight parcels, certification process can be lengthy. Even bigger parcels,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22  
looking at effects,

Speaker 2  1:14:25  
including drones themselves, the entire way is going to go up. So that is one challenge, the total weight down. But of course, as much as possible,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:42  
go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:15:00  
Ideally speaking costs shouldn't be the problem. Ideally speaking costs shouldn't be the problem. Obviously, that is not the case. Very important

Unknown Speaker  1:15:15  
communities and island

Unknown Speaker  1:15:17  
communities, first, which is also an important

Unknown Speaker  1:15:31  
pilot areas shouldn't

Unknown Speaker  1:15:37  
be a problem because shouldn't be a problem, because our overall society

Speaker 8  1:15:52  
extended service Like regular delivery, these are all Very important areas. So

Speaker 8  1:16:15  
that? How? Route,

Speaker 6  1:16:30  
different regulation has been laid

Speaker 8  1:16:42  
like a has been laid endurance as

Speaker 2  1:16:48  
well, all these different specifications that are also

Speaker 2  1:17:01  
continuing to be the autonomous flying capacity to look into nowadays, they can't really, like, fly on their own. They're still need to control at least so basically, how to achieve, like, full autonomy will also be very important. And this year we're looking to, by the end of this year, we're looking for two more applications, and it's actually ongoing and ongoing Procurement Project. We're looking at County, which

Speaker 8  1:17:34  
is in close partnership with agencies as well landscaping agencies.

Speaker 2  1:17:38  
Eventually, landscaping agency. We have one called which is across cross Lake community in Taichung. So that is going to be one of the hot spots for drone

Unknown Speaker  1:17:54  
delivery as well, as you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:57  
like just regular flight. And for next

Speaker 2  1:18:01  
year, we're looking for three we're looking for three, three more. There will be two. Is actually known for. It's very meandering, yeah, it's very time consuming. You have to just go off one

Speaker 8  1:18:28  
way. So, yeah, that's going to be delivered to the droplet point, which is going to be observatory. It's going to be like two segments of

Speaker 2  1:18:49  
about two segments. Area also, county. Let's conclude with this slide our

Speaker 2  1:19:25  
interest of time. Yeah, very tight on schedule right now, but

Unknown Speaker  1:19:39  
yeah, in the interest of time, we can really be before

Speaker 2  1:19:50  
we wrap up, I'd like to thank again. Let's look at them. You know, feel free to explore the fair. Cannot look at our past, about Amazon and their warehouses, actually in our domestic front, we're actually jumping is

Unknown Speaker  1:20:11  
actually very advanced. So yeah, we also need to look at our domestic industry,

Speaker 2  1:20:19  
shouldn't we? Like all the speakers here, all the partners here, doing their part and advancing you're trying to push Taiwan forward. Their main mission is to serve every one of us here. So with this mission, support them and like, let's know more

Unknown Speaker  1:20:42  
about them. And story.

Speaker 2  1:20:46  
There was a White House and two posts. The postman delivered post to the White House and complained about the males, you know, like I was, like, very it was very hard to meet together, but the lighthouse is over. Was very hard, like a regular newspaper,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:15  
planning, so basically

Speaker 2  1:21:20  
more like growing demand, necessity breeds or gives birth to technology. So actually, more necessity, more demand. That's what we're looking for, and that's basically to conclude today's adventure, we need to look more at future opportunities as well as past miles long. In the interest of time, the QA session is going to be Thank you all again for being here and thank You

Unknown Speaker  1:22:24  
of beauty.

Speaker 1  1:22:38  
Everyone, please smile to the photographer and show your big Thumbs up to them. To The

Unknown Speaker  1:22:55  
camera. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:15  
A CCM

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50  
God like you

Speaker 9  1:24:23  
of trying to mitigate the gap

Speaker 1  1:24:32  
between the technology our local vendors. He

Unknown Speaker  1:24:49  
out, yeah. Of buyers. We're trying to mitigate. We're trying to build a platform mitigate like we're co working mitigate their learning curve to their learning curve, To really get to the really

Unknown Speaker  1:25:30  
advanced Time.

Speaker 4  1:25:58  
On the

Speaker 9  1:26:12  
into migrating from China.

Speaker 9  1:26:40  
The factory there,

Non Arkara  1:27:00  
is another deal.

Non Arkara  1:27:26  
Appreciate

Speaker 9  1:27:33  
it facility for testing and certifying drones so we see a potential boat

Non Arkara  1:27:47  
value, contact me, let me, let me, let me go, WhatsApp or line anything I have everything. Yeah, I'll look into it, because I think a drawer facility is is great, but we under utilized it, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:08  
TJ, okay, all right. TJ, call you.

Non Arkara  1:28:14  
Dr. Nong, no, it's fine, yeah, no, no, No, mean the Nong, no, Chinese, because we

Speaker 9  1:28:54  
on because others are waiting for You. Oh, okay, Sure. Good to

Non Arkara  1:29:31  
also

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
