Speaker 1  0:00  
This morning, we're joined by esteemed representatives from both the public and private sectors from Taiwan and around the world. Through this global press conference, we look forward to hearing valuable perspectives that will shape the conversations at this year's Expo. Please join me in welcoming our distinguished guests. First ms Samson Hu chairman of Taiwan's Marcy solutions Alliance, as the CO CEO of ACEs Mr. Hu Lee's global innovation. Next we have Mr. Steve Ray, Director of Economic Development city of Pittsburgh, the United States, joining us from Thailand, Dr non Arkara City, expert in Smart City, promotion of digital economy, economy Promotion Agency. Finally joining us as moderator for today is Mr. Dimitri briaz, head of the English news division of tvbs, which is one of the Taiwan's largest and most influential media outlets. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Dimitri brias well.

Samsun Hu (Co-CEO ASUS)  1:12  
Thank you. Thank you for the kind introduction. We thought that maybe to start the conversation, we'll have a you know, the next few days will be all about Smart City and smart city solutions. So we thought that today we have experts in tech, someone like people with real experience in implementing Smart City solutions. So just to launch the conversation, we thought that we be we can maybe start with asking about how cities today like face climate change and climate risk, aging infrastructure and rapid digital change. So to begin with, with the chairman of the Taiwan, Taiwan Smart City solution Alliance, I wanted to ask Samsung about how can Smart Cities help strengthen resilience. How do you help cities strengthen resilience in these difficult times?

Speaker 3  2:08  
Okay, thank you for your question. I think we know that in the past, small city technology was mainly about improving efficiency, just like you mentioned, but actually now, with the introduction and the capability of sovereign AI, I think the technology has evolved to become the foundation that ensure cities stay resilient and keep the public services running smoothly. And we can say that modern cities are actually entering a new era of so called AICT. AICT is capable of intelligent governance. So from an industry perspective, there are two major evolutions of AICT. First, predictive governance technology is no longer just about monitoring or data collection. It actually ensures that,

Speaker 3  3:32  
it ensures that the city can be empowered with predictive foresight by utilizing am models to drive real time decision making, cities are capable of proactive optimization in critical sectors such like traffic management, healthcare energy and public safety, ensuring that all essential services remain robust even under our critical crisis. And secondly, it's a city with its own brand, sovereign AI is the cornerstone of a truly resilient city. It ensures that the city maintains poor control over its own data, computing power and the model sovereigns and by securing the policy autonomy and the data integrity, I think that we are, we are setting A new milestone of urban development where cities address the independent intelligence to protect their citizens. So basically, all by empowering the city with predictive governance and their own intelligent brand, modern smart city technology actually moves beyond efficiency and become the key pillar of urban resilience, very nice.

Dmitri (Moderator)  5:37  
When it comes to cities, cities all around the world face a big challenge, the challenge of aging infrastructure. And you talked about predicting, predicting, how those maybe infrastructure will evolve over time. Can you tell us more about your city? How do you manage and how do you use models to monitor infrastructure.

Steve (City of Pittsburgh)  6:05  
Thanks Dimitri and in the city of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh is an older, aging city in the United States. And in Pittsburgh, we have more bridges per square kilometer than any city in the world. We have lots of rivers. We have lots of valleys. It's a very hilly community, so as a result, we have to monitor those bridges in a way that allows for understanding when they need to be repaired, when they need to be when they need to be upgraded, and when they're in a dangerous situation. So we're working with some local companies to try to use robotics, robotic monitors that would be used to monitor our bridges. But in addition, we have hundreds of miles of highways and roads across the city, so we are installing cameras in our city service vehicles, whether those are our garbage trucks or city plows for snow or other or other city vehicles to try to identify which roads need to be maintained, which roads need to be improved and upgraded. The other factors that we try to use in the city from a resilience perspective, one is another, is government resilience. How do we improve the operations of our government? In particular, we're looking at improving our permitting system and identifying ways that will allow our city to grow faster from an economic perspective, and to help average citizens who oftentimes don't have the resources of large corporations to deal with a permitting system to better understand and be prepared for the permits. And then the final part is economic resilience for us, Pittsburgh invites startup businesses to come into the city and provide solutions through what we call our Pittsburgh labs program, so companies are able to come in and work directly with the city government as as both consultants, but also as partners, which gives them access to our information and data and also allows them to prove their proof of concept as they as they start their business.

Speaker 2  8:18  
But do all cities move at the same speed when it comes to moving towards Smart City solutions. Tell us more about Asian cities, and how do they face these challenges?

Non Arkara  8:30  
Okay, just like Taiwan, anyway. So it was really happy to be here today, and thank Dimitri for the question. So first of all, Thailand, we have been following Taiwan very closely in terms of what it does, in terms of smart city and smart solutions. Because one of the things that I talked to Dimitri earlier is that the fact that coming to this event every year, what we get to see every year is not a high tech stuff that we can't afford, but more like things that we can actually look into, what we can apply to our cities and our countries, and because of that, we really cherish the opportunities to come to this event every year. And for Thai cities, as you can as you know, Bangkok, last year was the most visited city in the world, right? 33 million people. It must have done something right, because otherwise people wouldn't go visit it so much. And I would have to say that it's a combination of hospitality of the people there, of the economic growth that is still going pretty strong, and also, because of the tolerance, you know, Bangkok is probably the only city in the world that you can you can be whoever you want, right, any religions, any sexual preference, and you can also smoke weed, right? Pittsburgh, you can do that too, right? So in the sense, it's very open to all kinds of experience and diversities. And you tell me, if I'm wrong, that diversity is not important to the city, right? It's very important nobody want to live in cities that are perfect in everything but boring as hell. I've been living that cities few times, like Boston, for instance. I never live in Pittsburgh. I'm pretty sure it's very active cities, but I live Boston, but half of my adult life, basically, and I find the city to be very neat, very clean, very supportive to people. Welfare is great, but at the end, there's only library you can go to a few museums, and that's it, right? Compared to cities, whereby you always have 24/7 activities, you know, not just entertainment, but also the kind of community things that you can you can do, I think that's at the core of it, is the reason why we want to live in cities and not in other places. Because not only do we want economic growth, we want convenience, we want comfortability, we want community. We want career path. We want good compensation, and at the end, we want a trajectory of our career that leads somewhere to at the end of life that we get we feel like we live a good life. So because of that, you know, I actually took the liberty to actually create a ranking whereby it's not about who is number one, it's about what kind of city you want to live in. Like, if you wanted to focus on growth because you're 20 years old and you wanted to put all your minutes in your working your ass off, like 996 like in China, yeah, you can choose Pittsburgh, maybe. Or if you want a city whereby you can have good time, and then maybe you're not making so much money. Maybe Bangkok or Taipei or Kaohsiung is a good choice, right? So that ranking is already live, and later on it, I hope that type a computer association would help to promote it, because at the end, it's the first ranking in the world that I didn't have any anything to do with it. I just put data in there, and Taipei and GAO Xiong coming up number one and number two, right? So we look into this, and I think this is a new regime for evaluating cities. We're not going to look into the GDP per capita anymore, because GDP per capita after tax, after health care, after rent, after living expenses. I have a friend living in New York. He's living paycheck to paycheck, even though he makes six digits, so that doesn't count anymore at the end, we want to look at disposable incomes and kind of entertainment, and it's kind of things that you get when you want to live a good life. So that, I think, is a kind of trajectory that we wanted to go to and not competing as chairman who said, we not want, we don't want to compete on efficiency anymore. We want to compete on livability. Thank you.

Speaker 2  11:55  
Well, one of the point of being here the smart city summit and Expo is to maybe find solutions that could potentially apply to your city, to your region. So in this sense, Samsung, can you tell us more about maybe the smart city solutions from Taiwan that you believe have the greatest potential to strengthen this resilience?

Speaker 3  12:19  
Okay, you know that actually, Taiwan plays special role with its complete ICT and semiconductor ecosystem, as well as years of experiences Turning Technologies into real, working city solutions are spending across transportation, healthcare, energy, public safety and so on. So I think that lets us able to provide complete and improvement solutions, rather than only components or hardware, and actually, Taiwan can help worldwide cities to build a full stack of AICT solutions are mentioned from sovereign AI computing infrastructure model, sovereigns to the smart city management platform and various kinds of vertical domain or Smart City applications, etc, devices and so on. While maintain with all these solutions are with open architecture and the modular design and which enables that cities can adopt this kind of framework solutions step by step, instead of rebuilding everything at once, and while maintaining poor data sovereignty, which is important for sovereign AI and data security and all these solutions are actually replicable and scalable, and of course, is portable. And in addition to that, I think what sets Taiwan apart is not only our technologies, but also our collaborative ecosystem for your companies from different industry domains, work closely together with city governments to develop and verify the smart city solutions. Maybe I can share with you some examples. For example, in Kaohsiung, which is a city in the south of Taiwan, by introducing the region language model developed by media and Taiwan document linking along with the city GPT platform, developed by poscom, one of the biggest ICT company here in Taiwan, the Gaussian city government are able to break down the data silos between different government departments and able to connect more than 40 urban governance scenarios, which make a shift from passive response to proactive prediction and governance. At the same time, the city government also set up city level digital twin system that also enable the city to make the real time decision and to keep the city resilience. And Another similar example regarding the sovereign city, sovereign AI model, it's that based on Asus group, one of the biggest PC foreign company in Taiwan, Asus help Thailand city to introduce a sovereign AI model and the digital twin system as well to enhance the Thailand city government's predictive governance and municipal services. So that those are two typical example I would like to share with you here. You say

Non Arkara  16:32  
Tainan or Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, okay, Thailand. It's like, okay, I've been there. I mean, I mean, I love it. Hanan, Tai zone, I love it. Gao Chong, yeah.

Speaker 2  16:45  
Well, indeed, there is this strange feeling when you're in Taiwan. And at the Smart Cities summit Expo, you will go and visit all these booths. And I really recommend you to visit each and every one of them. You would find and learn about all these new crazy solutions. And you often think that, wow, that's exactly that's exactly what we need, my city, my country. But there are also many challenges in sometimes implementing such solutions. So I want to ask Steve about that. You've seen very promising solutions, but implementing is another key area. So how do you do this in Pittsburgh?

Speaker 4  17:27  
Well, I think, I think one of the challenges with implementation is also working with your workforce, your city employees, helping them come along on the journey, and making sure that you're taking their input in the design of the technologies and the applications of the technologies that you're going to use too often, we apply the technology from the top down, without thinking about how the job is actually done. And if you, if you work on thinking about and consulting with your employees, you're going to both do a better job of designing the solution, but more importantly, have partners in implementing the solution. Too often we forget that as we're doing that in a similar way, you have to educate your citizens as to why you're using the technology and help them understand the benefits that are going to come to them, because in all these cases, we are spending public dollars, the taxpayers dollars, and we need to make sure that they understand that the technologies that we're adopting were adopted in a way that had their interests first in mind, both as in terms of the services that they might receive, but also in terms of the efficiencies that we're doing that help reduce their their costs in terms of taxes. Finally, I think the other part you have to think about as you're doing implementation is the interdependencies between bodies of government. The City of Pittsburgh is in Allegheny County, which is the major County in Pittsburgh, there's a county government, there's a city government, and there are 130 other local governments, all of which are connected, whether it's by roadway systems or by sewer systems or by the rivers. And if you're not considering how what you implement in your community will affect another community downstream or or just adjacent. You run the risk of incompatible systems and too much confusion for citizens.

Speaker 2  19:34  
Yeah, in this sense, non Can you tell us more about maybe the practical steps these cities can can take to make sure that these new systems are compatible, right, and reach the ultimate goal of being a solution, sure. Well, I want to

Non Arkara  19:49  
piggyback on Steve's a little bit here, because I think he mentioned something really important, if the staff doesn't want to do it, nothing will nothing will work, right? So for us, we did build incentive system into into our system, whereby if the staff are doing better, we have the digital system to track how efficient they are and how good they are in terms of interacting with the citizens, if they're doing it well at the end of the year, we have the number, numerical number to show that why this person should get promoted, right? And usually, it usually works, because these staff, before we use digital system, they only get maybe 1020, queries per day. Now they get 2000 right? How you get them to work harder? And for us, we believe in incentives, because human beings are not driven by instructions. We are driven by incentives. And that's why one of the innovation that we built into the system was to try to find the right incentive for everybody. Why would the citizens want to use the system? They have to see clear benefits. They have to see immediate benefits they can get from the system. If the system takes two months to process, they're going to churn it right away, also the staff, if they're not really getting anything from the new system, they're going to pretend that the system doesn't work, and they're going to pretend that the system sucks, and therefore you don't get to use the system. So that's kind of basic, as you mentioned, a practical thing to do. Let's define everybody who are the stakeholder, not the only one who used, but also the one who actually built and the one who going to be operating them. They have to all get on board now. I want to talk about something radical. Okay, so I've been working for Thai Government for many years, and it's so boring, like government. I don't know about Pittsburgh, but in Thailand, we do is that we procure, right? We want to have solutions we procure. And procurement takes forever, and there's many steps to do. So let me show you one thing. So what I did for fun, actually, is to build this dashboard for Middle Eastern conflict from my laptop, which is m3 computer, not a very good one, but I stole all the satellite images from all the open APIs that are available. I also stole, as you can see, right? I don't know where the bomb is, but I know the aerosol maps from the satellite. So aerosol is the remains of carbon dioxide in there that you can actually track using the test data image. And because of that, you know right away, which fight, which fright path that you shouldn't be taking, because there's going to be aerosol there, and that's probably the locations where they have a lot of conflicts. This is something that I did on my computer, right? And imagine Asus, you know, with the, you know, Nvidia h1 100, you know, you can do a lot more. So what I did so far is that we stopped starting procurement by ways of looking at what we want, like writing to our take two months, you know, finding the vendor, take another two months, bidding taken out of two months. No, I do it first. And this is, by the way, not a demo. This is a live system that you can all use as well. I put it online for free. So all the data coming for free, including all the data on oil price and so on. This is something that can do on my computer, and I think government can do it too, right? Why don't? Why do we have to spend so much time writing a procurement to our where we can build product first and maybe the product guide policies? Because we know more data, right? With more data, we can actually make policy more adaptable, more compatible, and, of course, more effective to everybody around. So our radical idea here is that let's stop waiting for procurement. Let's start building product first with the magic of AI we have today. Do it first, use it to drive policy with data and with data, we can do a lot more with the vendors.

Speaker 2  22:54  
That's a very good point, because you're telling us that local solutions could maybe be applied at the global level. Yeah, and in this sense you were in Taiwan. Taiwan has many potential solutions to offer Samsung. That would be my last round of questions before we go into Q and A and let everybody join the conversation. Could you tell us more about again, these Taiwanese potential solutions and real applications for Smart City solutions that maybe we could look forward to see in other cities and regions around the world in the near future.

Speaker 3  23:31  
Okay, I think the region language model I just mentioned in implemented in Gaussian, that's a real example. And you know that AI is so powerful so that we actually apply the intelligence of AI to help a city to enhance their governance in domain such like a transposon I just mentioned that, for example, in foreign that's another city in Tai, in eastern part of Taiwan. We use the AI vision technology to help the city to spot the traffic conjunction and take immediate management to handle that kind of conjunction. This is a real example. And actually, in terms of, even in medical domain, we have the real example, example. We work closely with the National Health Research Institute to, well, utilize the medical data. You know, city owns a lot of valuable data, but this this data have to be compliant with the regular regulatory so that the data can be released, to be to in turn, to turn to a valuable application. So we work together with the National Research Institute to well, utilize this kind of medical data so that from the sutical company can based on this data to develop different kinds of medicine

Speaker 2  25:19  
for you, Steve, what do you hope to gain from visiting Taiwan and joining this year's smart city?

Speaker 4  25:27  
A couple things. One, we want to learn from the examples that are brought here by by the companies and by the cities that are here to identify solutions that perhaps could could help in Pittsburgh, but also to identify opportunities where the companies that we're developing in Pittsburgh, those that are spinning out of Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh focused on robotics, AI edge computing and healthcare technology, could see opportunities as well. You know, Pittsburgh is a is a thriving ecosystem of new technology companies, and we see opportunities for those companies to compete with the best in the world and to be able to, you know, both leverage their relationship with us to learn from what we're doing in the city, but also for us to help identify opportunities for them to meet and grow in other communities. You know, I think the two technologies that I'm I'm also very interested in learning more about here. One is what folks are doing with edge computing. There's a lot of lot of concern about the energy efficiency of most AI models, and we do more. You know, in cities, most of the work we're doing is out on the edge. It's in the communities. It's in sensors, and we need to make sure that we're not always having to take those through a data center, in terms of that the computing can be done either on a computer, on a cell phone or in a robot or an autonomous vehicle. Those are going to be really important advances. And I think that's the next generation of work. And then I guess the other is understanding the application and what we can learn. As you know, while we're up here as an example of a city, we're still learning in terms of how we do our governance, how we include our citizens, and how we work with companies. I want to learn from other cities as well on how that works. Very nice.

Speaker 2  27:31  
Now, my last question before our QA is from your experience. You visit different types of shows around the world. I mean, focused on smart city. What do you think that these types of shows like today, the smart city, send me an expert, send me an expo, can then help build, like a stronger regional partnership?

Non Arkara  27:52  
Well, first of all, I've been to a lot of events. As you said, the one that I think it's the worst is that Barcelona, Smart City, Expo, World Congress, because it's too big, and it's not tailored towards anyone at all. It's just tailored towards vanity vendors who just wanted to spend their shareholder monies on things that, at the end, doesn't really lead to anything meaningful in terms of conversation. So that's the worst one that I wouldn't recommend anyone going. But that's because we are not living in the economic era where money can be printed anymore, right? If you want to choose an event to go, choose someone that it fits you. And what fits us is that, is that this kind of event where technologies that are adaptable to us, compatible to us, are being shown, and of course, the type of computer association is really kind to curate a program for our mayor. So I'm here with about 40 mayors from Thailand. We have a program called chief Smart City officer, CSCO, and I'm bringing with me about 40 mayors from top cities in Thailand. And right now they are actually walking around and looking at Asus, you know, booths. And of course, like we had every booth down there, that's the kind of event we want, right, the one that's tailored, curated and knowing what we want. And in fact, the team from Taipei computer Association actually came to Thailand last year to do some research about what we needed. And after they understand what we need, they can create a program that what we wanted. And at the end, everybody happy, because our mayors will be inspired by some of the technologies that are shown here. And if they want it, I can do it here first, and then if they like it, on how I do it here first, we can partner with Taiwanese company with the supercomputer in order to make it better, right? So right now, I'm just showing you another map of who get whereby I route all the bus from who get into the systems. And because I don't have GPS for all these busses, I actually use every five minutes picture upset of satellites to understand the speed and velocity of each busses. And I map the simulation of these busses almost real time, right? So there's only like five seconds latencies. But at the end of the day, this is a good bus map without the GPS on the bus, right? This is the kind of thing that I want you guys to actually go around and put them together. Because what I do here is not something cutting edge. It's not Carnegie Mellon level. It's MIT level. MIT it's MIT level. Because Carnegie Mellon people love to invent, right? MIT people, we love to take whatever existed already that exists, that exists. Let's put them together and make quick stuff really quickly. That's MIT style, very different from robotics style and Carnegie Mellon, but moving into hardware as well. So it won't be long until I get you we have a

Unknown Speaker  30:12  
battle between Carnegie Mellon and MIT.

Non Arkara  30:15  
Well, I think Carnegie wins on this round. They are better in robotics, but we're getting there. High government is getting there.

Speaker 2  30:22  
Okay, well, you have a very good point in how events like today can help connect the dots and connect CDs with suppliers, potentially. So we still have another few minutes. So I thought maybe we can take a few questions, a lot of media from different outlets. So I was, I thought maybe we could just ask you first to introduce yourself and your outlet and ask, like a very quick question, so that our speakers today can share.

Speaker 5  30:59  
My name is Arkara. I'm from India. I like to understand how you see the opportunity of the smart city solution in India market, and how time environment are you get to be supported to the environment. Because India is now the fastest growing company, fastest growing country in the world, and they are looking for the more of the solution of this kind of smart cities and lot of new things. So I want to understand how the policies we are for the Indian environment, and how we are looking for the Indian

Non Arkara  31:26  
market, to whom you are addressing. The question from India to whom you address.

Unknown Speaker  31:31  
Okay, okay. Thank you for your question. I think India is really

Speaker 3  31:41  
respectful country, and I know that you are very aggressively advancing your smart city development. And as I mentioned earlier, that I think in Taiwan, we are more than happy to share our experience to introducing all these solutions I just mentioned, no matter solution in transportation, health care, energy or public safety or even the municipal services, I think we can provide a whole state of solutions to you. So I would like to take these trends to promote the AICT pavilion. You know, Taiwan Smart City solution Alliance, together with Asus and huscom and the other 30 industrial partners, we have established AICT pavilion at the host role here we are demonstrating more than 60 AICT solutions, are ranging from the AI, infrastructure, computing and the models, application, everything. I welcome you to pay a visit to the booth so that you can understand more about what we can offer to help India. Thank you.

Speaker 6  32:59  
Thank you. Alvin, can maybe take one last question. If anyone's having a question

Non Arkara  33:05  
for our I think Steve want to add, right? You were holding microphone.

Speaker 4  33:09  
Well, the only thing I would add as you're developing those solutions, first, listen to your citizens. What? What are they seeking? Second, listen to your staff and try to understand what they can do by themselves, but also how they would adjust to the technology. Then identify the technology solution that would work. Sometimes you'll find that the technology solution may not be that smart. It might be an Excel spreadsheet at the end of the day.

Non Arkara  33:37  
Let me address the elephant in the room. So I think India has the highest number of computer engineers in the world. And Taiwan has a higher number of computer engineer per capita in the world. I think it's obvious that you guys have talents, right? I mean, I the reason I have to do everything myself, because I couldn't hire anyone. I was so hard to hire a talented programmers, right? If you even hire mediocre one, you better use AI, because they're better than middle programmers. But I think India has a largest number of people who can do that kind of thing, and Taiwan also have the largest number of people who are engineering the foundry technology, right, the chips and everything. I think that would be a good domain of collaborations, because I think, I think you need talent.

Speaker 6  34:15  
Thank you. Thank you so much. I think that's exactly how much time we have for today. So before we close the conference today, can

Unknown Speaker  34:25  
maybe invite our guest for a group photo,

Speaker 6  34:30  
and I've got The camera ready for our guests. You

Non Arkara  34:51  
here's 131.

Speaker 1  35:16  
Thank you. Thank you so much. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today, over the next four days, we have an exciting program ahead, and we encourage you to explore everything

Unknown Speaker  35:27  
Expo has to offer. Thank.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
