Katherine Turnbull  0:00  
You're doing this, how do we take the data that's collected and turn it into something usable? Again, I think that's where a lot of the discussion goes on today is, how do you take those use basically, to make sure you're monitoring and measuring what you're trying to measure in an appropriate fashion. And then, at least in the States, one of the opportunities that we're seeing is a sort of emerging low LGBT economy for packaged right now if you live in the city of Atlanta, adjacent communities, little elk and meals. You can get your small packages delivered via drone. You can use the app. You can make your select your items. Obviously you couldn't get a refrigerator, but you can get small packages, and within 15 minutes, they guarantee that they'll both will be delivered. It's it's really starting to move as an economy when the UAS developer and Walmart are now operating now Texas, Atlanta and Florida as well, their target is by next year.

Katherine Turnbull  1:26  
Next services make

Katherine Turnbull  1:38  
different land use planning decisions. Do you need to enter zoning ordinance? How do you engage the public? So a lot of what's going on in Texas is looking at that some of those communities, they've amended their ordinances to allow for takeoff from the land, and they've created categories, and then they've identified different types of major lines as well. That, again, you get things from take off to landing residential and then obviously back to public. Participation is critical. We know that involved in the public is critical and really evident review. But when you're sending things potentially over houses that are going to deliver things, it's even more important. There are noise considerations, and so in the cases, in the Dallas area, they've really done a good job with and Walmart collectively holding public meetings, having town meetings, using law and large dialog in before and after surveys to gage public interest, but then, more importantly, getting feedback on what's working and not working. Another challenge we're facing, and I think everybody around the world is facing, this, is, how do we modernize aging transportation in the in the States, a lot of things were built back in the 60s and 70s, and even those facilities that were built in the 80s are aging and traffic volumes. So I think one of the things that everyone around the country is looking at is, how do you modernize, especially with the technology? The so looking at how we won state, so we're going to see some differences among the states, but we're also seeing again right now Texas podiac and Aurora and two or three other autonomous truck companies are operating on trucks. They all have a safety driver, but a number of them say they'll take those out within the next year. How do we make sure those are operating safely? How do we do a better job of learning people about harmonizing work zones and other transportation. And so obviously the digital infrastructure is an element of that. And so again, a key operational discussion for this group is, how do you take that data, make it transferable? Home, make sure it's safe and maintain itself on security threats, and then, how do you keep that up to date and use it? Another area that we continue to face in the States is housing, transportation, pedestrian, licensed. So we've done a couple different things in the grant published station area, working with the Texas Indian University bus system. First thing we did was put some collision warning system on the busses. That alert, you can see the driver based on the Lidar and cameras on the outside, that little man person goes red, and it also gives you the hot spots here. Gives

Katherine Turnbull  5:32  
you clear vision, especially in nighttime conditions. So again, those focus on making sure the operator gives time to be safer. And then we've also done some things to look at, how do you make sure the pedestrians, especially distracted pedestrians in university settings? So we've instrumented intersections, put on board units for roadside units busses communicate with the intersection of something that a bus sign goes off and the communication says, Watch the bus turn. They've also taken that and developed an app for both a smartphone and a smartphone can watch smartphone actually vibrates when we first developed that we were focusing, especially on the smartphone app was blind those but it became apparent very quickly that With anyone trying to cross the intersection, cyclist and then finally, there are a variety of ways you can identify crossing, bicycles and pedestrian crossing, and provide actions where vehicles are actually connected. We have the whole CD index. You can provide that into the. And then last, we also continue to look at automated passenger shuttles. And I was talking to the Navia people. I think their group is just over that way that if they remember, four or five years ago, we actually tested the Navia shovel on the campus. It was successful. Probably like every area we continue to look at it, it's always a question of funding, and how do you package money to make it happen? So those are sort of the use cases. And then just to conclude, obviously, as everyone knows, the keys to success are really good here. Identify the solutions or identify the issues of these things. Start developing the partnerships, the collaborations and the cooperation, developing trust, which is Key among the different agencies and public and private sector that needs to participate, making sure the community is involved in their public participation, monitoring and evaluating so that we can show the return on investment. So again, it's a pleasure to participate. I look forward to hearing some of the activities that you're involved in.

Non Arkara  8:14  
Okay, thank you. Thank you. Thank you and this, we are honored to have Dr,

Non Arkara  8:24  
senior expert varsity promotion and Promotion Agency of Thailand, he will speak on scaling Smart City solutions from Pilot, please give a warm welcome.

Non Arkara  8:48  
Hi everyone. It's nice to be back here as often as the colleagues community associations, which meets every year. So my talk today, I wanted to focus on the growing board, which is how we as a government officials government, because when you hear the word procurement, you're obviously like, so boring, isn't it that sometimes procurement sales actually cause the city a lot in terms of cost opportunities, because sometimes things that are capable of base and eventually, when you get the products, they're not even so what I'm trying to do here is to show you some of the things that we have done over the past few years. Some done over the past few years. Want to show you today and use them right away as well, so I don't stop off with Okay, I understand. So my agency's digital economy promoting agency has been around for eight years now. You know, all night here, almost founded, but I think the path that we have been taking has been quite difficult, because in order to get Thailand over the middle income traffic, which we have been trapped in for the past 30 years, we haven't believed that that digital economy can be one of the solutions. The reason, because, when you think digital, you can do less than you created. If you have everybody who interested in using them, using them, even if you only charge them, what dollars there per person? You get a lot of money, right? So that ability for something small and expanding scale really quickly with traditional power, that is the thing that we believe that we can do, and our Ideas agendas for the entire

Non Arkara  10:44  
country, traditional economy like agriculture, because something is more digitalized and therefore more useful, right? And how do we actually push forward and build new economic systems without joining us as well, here in this forum? And last but not least, we have to create an infrastructure ecosystem or digital economy, and that's we believe it's

Non Arkara  11:17  
the idea. It doesn't really work, right? So I just want to show you this picture, because when

Non Arkara  11:25  
you think of you probably don't think of this picture, right? This is a kind of smart city that people are building around the world. They are building on the tenants that real estate economy is going to move forward. So if the interest rate is really low, people put their money in real estate. You become the idea whereby you put the money into a space that is infrastructure built, but at the end, so you're actually using a lot of resources without actually getting people to complete their demand. And we don't want to see this right, because every time you do buildings and they want to use that's a lot of resources. Next one, please. Another one there. As one of the most important here. But the problem is that people don't live there anymore, because we only have buildings and infrastructure. But it doesn't have history. It doesn't have heritage. It doesn't have culture. It doesn't have vitality. It doesn't have hospitals, doesn't have good school universities. We don't want this next one. First of all, we have to understand first that the ingredients of how to create a digital economy, which I alluded to as a small first of all, I Secondly, thought that if you have money and if you have intention, you can always create smart cities. But look at this right? A lot of cities, they have the money, they have a good intention, but they pay much attention to technologies, or in some cases, because they believe in the concept of ESG. But turns out, those concept doesn't really play out nicely in the market. So they're going to be able to like empty spaces, empty cities, or in the cases of Singapore, the idea of this is amazing right now, President would probably agree that we want people to get on a bike for the car. But Singapore, you probably forgot how much Singapore is and the fact that everybody would work, and then you want to offer it really common sense. Come on, guys, that's kind of thing that we also don't want to see. So what I'm trying to say here this slide is that money and detention are no longer sufficient. We need more than that. What do you need when next one. So I chose Richard all the time because this is how we have been building for the past 40 years. We ourselves computers as a parent, to know everything about what the children, all the citizens, really needed, but doing right, like in this case, parents probably expect that kids to learn about even an animal anatomy since he was young. When he grew up, he could be it's large or whatever. We don't want to keep up close to our citizens, because that's a last thing we want to do in terms of spending time to pay your money, or this picture, for instance, also very good. As an architect myself, I look at this and I realize that I could actually design a really beautiful path that goes back and on here to here. I can do that easily. But why do we architect in this picture? Didn't do that well because he believed in that this is a better way for flow, but flow for the architect. So we don't want to design something like this, either. We want to design a beautiful path for people who are feel comfortable being safe and have the end technology next one. Long infrastructure, next one. So what I want to propose next slide is a concept that we use over the past few years. Next one, which is called my. effects. That slide doesn't come the way I want it. Okay? It's called 4p right? And I get 4p because so let's start with the first key. First key is no longer money. First P is no longer physiology. First P is no longer intention. First key is actually purpose. What is it that you do this for? What is your KPIs? How many roles actually you want to bring down? How many people get into the hospital diseases you want to bring back. How many economies of startups you wanted to get off the track? That's the purpose. In this case, is about you.

Non Arkara  15:57  
So let's put the Trump. So I want to do an example of next month of education, for instance, next month,

Non Arkara  16:05  
next one. So we have, but not many people are exercising it next time. So let me give you comparisons, right? So 1903 we have the first object lifting off the ground. 100 years later, we got an object going to space, right? That is how fast technology is. Next one. How about education? You want to guess?

Non Arkara  16:54  
Bigger features. because

Non Arkara  17:00  
So we started off by bringing technologies customized computation students learn and

Non Arkara  17:09  
go faster. system calculated how slower pace and the teachers get to understand, what is it in the background in terms of collective learning? So that's kind of thing that we do. And you know what happened? The engagement goes up about 90% and the grades go up about 37%

Non Arkara  17:31  
so at the end, the purpose has to be right? But how our process to bring in engagement, because we don't need to do it, and we have proven that next one. Now the second P is about technicality, because people ask me a lot about what apps I use. I can spend telling you what apps I use, right? Because there's so many of them, but the point here is to pick the one that's right for you. So with the purpose that can happen in terms of practical data. So I want to show you the case studies. They really want to prevent one thing that happened every year, every time, the cities almost disappear and they will have people leave, the City Investment leave, the cities become deserted, and it's big and bad. So we wanted to find out, one thing we can do is to spend a lot of money on infrastructure, like dams, waters and there, we get very practical. What we did was to actually turn everybody in the city into our CCTV cameras. Why? Because we also didn't have money. So what we did was applications where people no longer have City Hall to file the reports. And we ask everybody to cities. We use our positions to go around everybody, if they see problems being taught, or anything related to waste management, take a picture on pictures, and it goes to us, pizza, come to us. That's easy now, right? We extract metadata. We know the location.

Non Arkara  19:22  
We know exactly what kind of problem is, because AI in the background, waste management, next one. So first day we launched the system, this is what happened. We got a lot of good citizens sending in pictures, but the magic started when we turned that box into deep map. So deep map show us what, show us the verifications of data points that we have on the map. So if I were PC as hell. Next one, because all I have to do is to find a location where water waste, because the purple rocks are the rocks whereby clear and the waterways. So we just have the waterways. The next one that the water doesn't come in the city as much anymore. So the system that we built is what cost almost nothing better about how we approach it. Next one, and now we're going to put that system into something next one, then the third one is about proof, because we have to prove that the system works before we deploy it. Because if you have an idea, we do. So we wanted to create something smaller scale first. So the case study I want to have diseases like diabetes, like heart problems like obesity, right? And these are the problems

Non Arkara  21:18  
by themselves. To ask people

Non Arkara  21:35  
by themselves. Buyer just month, and we

Non Arkara  21:48  
also try to find out what's of money that we spend next month. And we also try to find out a system where we can keep everybody's privacy so by lots of people too, that we actually expose data, right? So we try small scale with a sample data first, and then these people tell us that, hey, why is it that my heart rate is available to everybody? That's when we know that we have a problem. Luckily, we can fly out 100,000 people. People First. And we also try to build the system whereby people feel like their benefits, because they actually get the data as well, and the data themselves can actually be used in the amount of tech. They don't have to actually let the data stay with the municipalities, whatever, because this is their data belong to them next month. So over the years, we actually build the system to be much more comprehensive. We built the customer journey so that we can tackle every aspects of the problems in the way that minimize the number of processes that the citizens that we have to take part in. And I'm really happy to report that the number of people within cities, in the city goes down by about 24% over the course of two years after this time. So in the last two years, people, and I'm not saying that people is important. People can only be driven by one thing and that which is intensive, but you can tell people instructions they might not do it, they will do it. So next one is in the video, right the system that people report problems, and then staff yesterday, hey, you have to give your staffers want to do it. Then what's the point? What we do is we keep a star system next one, whereby every time the problem gets fixed, we actually borrow this from Uber. The citizens get to give stars, right, not to the city, to the staff driver, to actually stick to a talking all the way. They get five star many times at the end of the year, they get promoted. So we have to actually drive people the way they want to be driven. If the staff adopted because we have in their municipality, maybe this kind of system will make the viewers, because they can show off how good they are, next one. So because we actually bring down the number of hours from 67 hours of the week down to about two weeks from hours, which is a very good number, I think the system itself was not built overnight. We didn't know what we know the purpose. We didn't know what practical. We didn't have proofs, so we have to do different prototypes to prove that the purpose is actually met. And of course, the capital is there and the proof that we want to prove is actually shown to be verifiable. So these are the process system that we do over the year. So the key takeaway is, as I mentioned, right, you have to build scale it up, and at the end, you have to understand now I want this for something really exciting for you next one. So let me show you the world beauty right now. It's called digital wallet. So if you are able to invest in Southeast Asia, I recommend this, right? This is going to be something like a Silicon Valley. Going to have all the labs, all the equipment, all the facilities, and all the office spaces for everybody on the entire at this point, it was about 50% already. I already ordered 200 there. Now, what have I built? Right? I feel on the stage for 10 minutes and like do I just talk and not ever do anything. Let me show you what I do. This is dashboard in 45 minutes, right? Because our Ministry of Foreign Affairs wants to know which part to fly to or which part not to fly across, right? So all I do is to bring in other satellite datas. And after satellite datas, I still don't know where the bombs are, right? So I have to bring it in a layer of aerosol, because aerosol is situation in the air capture by satellite, show you the location. So I've nothing over on top of the NASA gap, right? So this is the kind of thing that we that I built. We built for ourselves so easy. And because of this, we also build a system where we get the information about the economy that happens because of this, we get the real time information sources, information about what's going on here. And you can use this app itself. You can use it now. It's on the table. It's a real

Non Arkara  26:47  
have problems. So I do a system whereby any problems On a road in Thailand will be this

Non Arkara  27:16  
water. Monitor everything in these quarters. And there are different layers of satellite that I can actually get data sometimes, and then understand what other problems we have in the board. Lastly, I give it a news because we rely

Non Arkara  27:41  
on to justify.

Non Arkara  27:49  
And in this index, we actually looking at, for instance, not just but we're looking at after tax, after health events, after healthcare expenses, after living expenses. And I'm surprised to find out that in Singapore, even though they have some of the highest right so investigating itself. So this, because if you look at this, you can actually choose yourself. What

Non Arkara  28:43  
are you wonderful? But if

Non Arkara  28:51  
you have to be used, if you're Not capitalistic culture,

Non Arkara  29:06  
because it's

Non Arkara  29:09  
really not how

Non Arkara  29:16  
to the end of the day, this index is really not about who better. It's really about what we call so in the version three, I'm going to make sure that you connect smart cities, and then the AI will process right away. What are the things that you might want to do in order to be able to map out aspirations? So I hope you get an idea of what we do In the technology what we do, we create.

Non Arkara  29:54  
So first, welcome the process.

Non Arkara  30:04  
So first, cities will briefly introduce themselves and outline the key challenges they are now facing. And then next, we will have a company introduction to table backgrounds and development solutions, and the next the final segment is a 40 minute open discussion focused on urban governance challenges. This discussion will naturally lead to conversations on collaborations and potential applications. So the workshop is organized into six groups, and participants are welcome to move freely between groups if they wish to explore different discussions during the workshop, please feel free to enjoy the live refreshments over there, provided you may navigate your discussions. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
